# Basemap-Design

**Basemap 1** Forest Themed Map

The first map is styled to look like a map that would be generated for a National Park or National Forest. This means that there color green has been used at different shades to signify a variation in ground cover. The darkest greens represent the National Parks and Forest. The font that was used is Ariel Unicode in italics. Additionally, a halo was placed around the font in order for the text to stand out more. This was done to try to mimic the text style of National Geographic. The priority for the cities and roads have been reduced as well. This means that the appearence of city names and streets do not appear until you are much more zoomed in when compared to a normal reference map. The intent was to develop a base layer that looks like it might have come from the USFS and could be used as a base layer for the HJ Andrews web map project. 

**Basemap 2** - Snowpack Themed Map

The second base map is styled to look like a winter themed map with a color selection that suggest snow cover. This is done by adjusting all the land cover colors in a way so that as the darker the color gets, in theory, the more dense the snow should be. If you were to zoom in a peak with present glaciers, such as Mt. Hood, they would appear the darkest. Since the theme is again around the landscape, the cities and roads have been adjusted so that they do not appear until the user is much more zoomed in. Again, the font is Ariel Unicode with italics and a halo was used to allow the text to stand out. The intent was to develop a base layer that had a winter feel and could be used to display remotely sensed data of snow features, such as snow pack or glaciers. Since the raster image most likely would be dominated by shades of white and blue, this color palate is much more complimentary than a traditional baselayer or satellite image. 